good morning everyone I'm always
eat neck and this is the version
bad of magi color
I state that this is an answer
always on my bad video
or bad because I have already done a
zeb 89 campaign video that stands
looking for 100 thousand euros to make games of
shit
I had the new berta games
leaning, let's say if he supported me
in the other video this time instead
I'll be bad is the real I say because I am
bad not so I will now do the
Italian reasoning, however, I say
because I do it
i was watching on facebook because i
as soon as I enter facebook I immediately see the
zang 89 message I know because I don't know
if lewis panni or do something with it
I kind of read though
I was reading on a public post
starting 39 that reggio that he married
his teamspeak
and I don't know what is teamspeak and someone
wrote that he was banned
ok because he had apple so he writes
definitely normal no normal no apple
says no apple
then one says this then
counter -turns without insults and wedges 89
write nerd should set you on fire
you shit with the apple and the second houses
great then i didn't have apple there
wind or windows a tramp with me
surely windows not against the beat
this place absolutely now though
since he insulted so in one
person then as you gave me
also bellicchi news bottata 9
this time I tell you why you shouldn't
donate then he asks for 100 thousand euros
to make shit games just a web
series but wait a moment then a
flights will also please this web
Syria on ok
he will also be able to like me
also be beautiful for you
ok let's think for a moment
if we have money for a person 100
thousand euros to a person would be like
make an investment so we give
100 thousand euros a person and he does
something that we like, however, is waiting for
moment he with these 100 thousand euros ago
something is that thing that makes us there
we just watch but it will remain
his because he is a company of one
company and will therefore sell this product
shit game to some to someone or
will put it on youtube will earn a
a lot of money
so we give someone money and
He mica've got him back there
smudge cheerfully I don't say that maybe
he doesn't play shit because I had it there
it depends on him then one must hope for
that though I think if one of 100 thousand
EUR
in the end it comes out what I mean like
say if you if the wise men ask
100 thousand euros to make a hotel or
now made a hotel
right by the sea a hotel by the sea
beautiful beautiful and you arme it
nice we give you 100 thousand i'm ok i do
hotel and just then my hotel
come but you have to pay the same
thing
I do something with your money but
the thing remains mine
ok i dont say it serves now should
give the money back after he has
earned the money after he got them later
that made shitty game afte
had sold
but I say how we put it with sta
story because we should give the
money to someone who then does something to
himself and for others because I don't
you mean you play shit then
become of all or things as it is
says or will be a thing without right
copyright this who doesn't believe it
really
so this is my opinion
bad for me, good opinion
I already said it
you can also watch videos so if you are
like it
well if you don't like choucha rock